ENH/BUG: Utilize `_values_for_json` in `Series.to_json` (#65127)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.1.0.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- :class:`Period` now supports f-string formatting via ``__format__``, e.g. ``f"{period:%Y-%m}"`` (:issue:`48536`)
- :meth:`.DataFrameGroupBy.agg` now allows for the provided ``func`` to return a NumPy array (:issue:`63957`)

> - :meth:`Series.to_json` now also uses the ``_values_for_json`` method of an ExtensionArray (:issue:`65047`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :meth:`Series.to_json` now supports serializing custom ExtensionArrays (by correctly using the ``_values_for_json`` method of an ExtensionArray) (:issue:`65047`)
```
